9. Access – Resource Manager can create Employee Skill Mappings
Resource Managers should be able to create new Employee Skill Mapping records.
● Can create employee skill mappings
● Can read skill and employee records
● Cannot delete skill mappings
Skill governance remains controlled while allowing onboarding of skills


i want that this can read the records and won't write or update the existing recoreds, 
he can able to create the new record


abhi skill table me read diya hai resource manager ko
and user skill table me bhi read create write diya hai resource manager ko.


so proficiency level in user skills can be created by resource manager, but
it will only modified by operations team

issue  1: hey an operation role user can't see anything in user skill table, 
even i gave him all CRUD operations on this user skill table.




why?
Fields: ● Developers Needed ● QA Needed ● Architects Needed Requirement: 1. Editable only when Project Status = Planned 2. Once status ≠ Planned, fields become read-only 3. Operations can edit these fields at all times

to make these 3 fields editable by operation, do i need to first give the complete read and write access of project table to this operation role? in very short


MIMP : REQ 10:
vimp understanding:
 ok now i understand like operations team can do modifications on any field no 
restriction. but if suppose there is a project manager which has 2 projects and 
in one 1st project he has status is planning then in this he can modify these 3 
fields there is no read only on them but if in 2nd project it has anything else 
status then these 3 fields become read only, right ? 


important req 12:
good eg of allow if and deny unless:
abhi maine resoource manager ko allow if se ek to write ka complete access de rkha h
and 
ek dusre acl me allow if se write ka access diya hai only when status is not approved
and not rejected.

abb dono me allow if h yaani agar koi bhi condition match hue, koi ek bhi, 
too vo chal jayega. to issliye status approved ke baad bhi ye edit kar paa rha hai,

abb deny unless de do ki agar status ye h to write ka milega hi nhi.

















