what security_admin do?
it provides access to all acls(any table acls)

right click => configure => table -> then here you can see access control which
are the ACLs
now if you go inside one of the Access control then it is read only, but 
when admin elevate his role as security_admin he can do write or update also.

# after adding a user if you want to stay in the form page only for inserting 
more users then simply click on save. then again after filling user details
click insert and stay option.

important: if company give you 400 employee details then you don't suppose to 
fill the each user record manually for that servicenow provides a functionality 
called data import. same for groups and roles also. if we have 2 to 3 roles and
groups then we do it manually but if they are more then we do data import.

User ---> Group <---- Roles

technova project is for resource mgmt
and other project is banking app


columns of a table in servicenow are known as Fields
when you are filling the userId, firstname, lastname while inserting new user
these are nothing but the columns/fields of this user record.

in fields also there are multiple datatypes, it could be string also, int, email, date
,datetime etc.

for creating a table go to : All -> system definition -> tables

IMPORTANT:
whenever we create a custom table then service add a suffix 'u'
eg: i wrote "Bank" in Label fiel while creating a table then it automatically
give "u_bank" as in its Name field

now what is this label and name?
so name is the api name of that particular table, and api name is the one
which we use while scripting. in scripting we can refernce this table by Bank
we have to use this name or api name which is u_bank


what is an application?
it is a collection of similar or relatable functionalities.
suppose a big company runs a bank and a hotel both so for these they have separate 
application in one instance

How to create application?
all -> app engine -> servicenow studio

scoped application => both bank and hotel app are isolated so they won't change or
affect each other.

when you are inside the bankinng application and goto create new table you can
see bankinn application instead of global in application field.

here while creating table here a create module checkbox it means this table shows
as a module too inside all


How to create the unique id for bank table?
you stay on the page of creating table where you are creating the table of bank
then below you find controls tab where you find a field with checkbox called
auto number(this will automatically incrementing)
Prefix = BANK
Number = 1000 (starting number)
Number of digits = 7
eg : Record	Generated ID
1st	BANK0001000
2nd	BANK0001001
3rd	BANK0001002

The Extensible checkbox in ServiceNow means:

It allows other tables to inherit (extend) this table in the future.

Simple example

Suppose you create a table:

Bank

Bank Name
IFSC Code
Address

If you check Extensible ✅, later you can create another table:

Private Bank (extends Bank)

Bank Name ✅ (inherited)
IFSC Code ✅ (inherited)
Address ✅ (inherited)
Interest Rate (new field)

Or another table:

Government Bank (extends Bank)

Bank Name ✅
IFSC Code ✅
Address ✅
Government Scheme (new field)

Note: while creating private and govt. bank you have to give reference of this
bank table in their extends table field

So Private Bank and Government Bank automatically get all the fields from Bank.

If Extensible is NOT checked ❌

No other table can extend your Bank table. It becomes a standalone table.





important : Remote Table checkbox ka matlab h agar mai ye table ko mongodb me store
krna chahu to ye enable karke, api se connect krdo tab vo data usme load kardega.

right click -> configure -> form builder. then you can move the fields and place 
wherever you want to keep them.

list layout => the records that we added in the table

now there are 2 terms that we discuss : personalization and configuration
personalization = setting up the things for me only according to my choice
eg => i want bank name first in list and bank address at last. so click on setting 
or gear button then reorder them.
so now bank name is seeing at first in list and adress is in last but it only
visible to me. if any other user would seeing the table, he wouldn't be seeing the
bank name at first. He would be seeing as his own  way as he wants to see.

but configuration is for everyone.these are the things that we implemented for
everyone. eg: what we have done earlier in form builder
that is configuration not personalization.


breadcrumbs => filters jo upar dikh rhe the  > > > iss form me 

wildcard characters:
if i simply search in location field by putting delhi then in filter it shows
me in breadcrumbs that "Location starts with delhi", but if i use 
*delhi then it searches like "Location contain delhi"


above there is Filter option too

to select multiple records => select one then shift key + down arrow then records
are selected


hmm servicenow studio se bhi table ko edit krskte hai and new fields daal skte h
agar state ya new field jo add ki h vo naa dikhe to form builder me jaake 
add krlena




















